linodenet/util/__init__.py:6:1: RST303 Unknown directive type "data".
linodenet/init/__init__.py:9:1: RST303 Unknown directive type "data".
linodenet/init/initializations.py:23:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/init/initializations.py:24:1: RST203 Definition list ends without a blank line; unexpected unindent.
linodenet/init/initializations.py:44:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/init/initializations.py:45:1: RST203 Definition list ends without a blank line; unexpected unindent.
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:48:9: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:62:26: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:75:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:99:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:99:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:99:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:99:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:140:18: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:167:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:181:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:214:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:249:18: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:273:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/iResNet.py:287:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:53:9: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:95:31: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:100:31: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:105:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:129:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "func".
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:151:9: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:164:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:198:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:200:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:202:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:204:1: RST304 Unknown interpreted text role "class".
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:245:18: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:318:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:409:18: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:418:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:445:18: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
linodenet/models/LinODEnet.py:452:17: ANN101 Missing type annotation for self in method
